month or so parking will rush and Uryadov
were all on the road, we aktivka we yakih
that cheese and ruthlessly meeting at the ranks
Th you're torn you done with the yard and on the
parking with a dozen police buses
and the law enforcement officer of the moon itself
guards the spoke and work long row
so that the data you normal knees
skoda bulatov tsam you asked for the trees
sprat bandwidth cardonia mid
premises on the street protests greedily
fanatic on that there is a Cabinet worrying about
According to the premier a tipping point
economical collapse decoration like
About a month ago we did not accept your
ko and not the orchid solution when stuff
signature signing process view to authority
waking yoga firmly trying to check
Ukraine is kind of obviously bankrupt
and the social collapse did not know the ministers
about the bankruptcy of Ukraine Kaluza in the walls
1 hair on dumped and near the water
Association with the EU and once seen and about her and
self-interest cutout is not now in reduksin and
find yourself in that place give birth to you bitch
profit and speed in jack
Incendiary documents because of sandy losses
Moscow here is signed wide package here
these open to the economy of Ukraine
garni of a prospectively accessible arm
row
crush smear and take power and today
budget social and wai chair
and economical rozvitku Ukraine truncate
familiar weekly budget has been raised for
Begin us two remo and next to themselves
know the draft budget in the hands of the miter
small is the ministry of economics
guys for a draw i'm not a stranger
i hands
no one gave up well sho you gave up a
guilty ex root loaded
departments because the life order the
president not in stall practice anchovy
grids such exhibitions oppositionist log cabins
in read the signing between ukraine
This Russia and its documents Russian
side jewish strings of maximum about
will cut both standards and ukrainian
side arrested
for wearing on standards - black and
green decisions and not stratton and
the complexity of a financial withdrawal so
plants thought to make out of Russia because
vital energy minister of Ukraine
otrimala cheaper by 25 because weave in gas
and even Vick pleases and 15 billion
dollars
Noise has become generous Belokon I on minister
punish
some a pittance in the account of innuendo
there is this national interest having published
they blew it up and went to an accessible read
Ukraine's economy will bulat and
imported purchased in communities view 30 to
33 billion cubic meters I still we
multiply frou for 240 dollars
Ohm's Law
more help for the least
economy for the budget power
Ukraine will be rubles for the former 7
billion dollars for spin you know
let konoos realize and remember
social programs are even to heel
not
salaries to state employees all before sending
social assistance however we him in
heart time we can have pro and stacy
loaves of yaks we need not and to tribute and
loans and snowballs and ace and a number already
writing out for state employees in pit above neither
salaries available lessons and kill well i
friendship russia and ukrainians in fact are smelling the baby
verbally at imperious decisions on
butt personal whether korea through rick
boards there it be shy niches today at 600
mane for lost in parliament for the creature
date brush cutter or reward phenomenon itself
addition of new Olga poetry to Valery
Savitsky Channel 5